[Inductor] [Doc] Add tutorial for Max-autotune Support on CPU as a prototype feature for PyTorch 2.5 (#3063)
pytorch/tutorials: prototype_source/max_autotune_on_CPU_tutorial.rst

This is similar to the max-autotune mode on CUDA, where implementations from ATen, Triton, and CUTLASS are considered.

We have covered most popular data types, including FP32, BF16, FP16, and INT8, with epilogue fusions for x86 CPUs.

While the development is still in progress, we have already seen promising speedups over pure ATen-based GEMMs as measured by the three benchmark suites and the inference of LLMs. 

How to activate ``max-autotune`` mode
------------
To activate the ``max-autotune`` mode in PyTorch, set the ``mode`` argument to ``max-autotune`` when compiling your model using ``torch.compile``.
If you prefer to bypass the tuning process and always use the CPP template implementations, you can configure this via an environment variable: 
``export TORCHINDUCTOR_MAX_AUTOTUNE_GEMM_BACKENDS=CPP``.

Example code
------------
The below code is an example of using the ``max-autotune`` mode on a simple neural network with a linear layer followed by a ReLU activation.

We only support frozen model with ``torch.no_grad`` or the inference mode

> Therefore, you need to set the environment variable ``export TORCHINDUCTOR_FREEZING=1``

Reviewer: Could you please write a line or 2 on what is the advantage of freezing and what is the difference without freezing

Author: I've added more explanations why freezing is required. Could you please check if that is clearer?

Reviewer: looks good. Thanks!

> Use max-autotune compilation on CPU to gain additional performance boost

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using Max-Autotune Compilation on CPU for Better Performance
```

> ==============================================================

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
================================================================================
```

**Author**: `Jiong Gong <https://github.com/jgong5>`__, `Leslie Fang <https://github.com/leslie-fang-intel>`__, `Chunyuan Wu <https://github.com/chunyuan-w>`__

> In this tutorial, you will learn how to boost your PyTorch models' performance on CPU by 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

In this tutorial, you will learn how to boost your PyTorch models' performance on CPU by 
```

Using Max-Autotune Compilation on CPU for Better Performance
================================================================================

**Author**: `Jiong Gong <https://github.com/jgong5>`__, `Leslie Fang <https://github.com/leslie-fang-intel>`__, `Chunyuan Wu <https://github.com/chunyuan-w>`__

In this tutorial, you will learn how to boost your PyTorch models' performance on CPU by 
leveraging the max-autotune mode in the Inductor CPU backend. Explore the activation
process, understand the differences from traditional methods, and integrate max-autotune
into your code for enhanced computational efficiency. Dive into the use of advanced
GEMM templates for faster processing and superior runtime performance.

Prerequisites:
----------------
-  `torch.compile and TorchInductor concepts in PyTorch <https://pytorch.org/tutorials/intermediate/torch_compile_tutorial.html>`__

Introduction
------------

> ``max-autotune`` mode for the Inductor CPU backend in ``torch.compile`` (`RFC link <https://github.com/pytorch/pytorch/issues/125683>`_)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The ``max-autotune`` mode for the Inductor CPU backend in ``torch.compile`` (`RFC link <https://github.com/pytorch/pytorch/issues/125683>`_)
```
